[IMP] l10n_id: updates (#11135)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/indonesia.rst

-----------------

- | **Your Company**

>   | This information is used in the FAPR line in the effect file format. You need to set a NPWP

Author: yes, I believe it's saying company's NPWP is used in the FAPR line of e-Faktur file

Ensure that the :guilabel:`Recipient Bank` is the one you configured, as Odoo uses this field to
generate the QRIS QR code.

POS payment method configurations
---------------------------------

> If you installed Point Of Sale, you can also add a new payment method for PoS via QRIS.
> Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods`, create a new payment
> method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new payment method for Point of Sale via QRIS, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->
Configuration --> Payment Methods`, create a new payment method. Set the :guilabel:`Integration`
field to :guilabel:`Bank App (QR Code)` and set the :guilabel:`QR Code Format` to :guilabel:`QRIS`.
```

.. image:: indonesia/indonesia-qris-payment-method.png
    :alt: QRIS Payment Method configuration

> Afterwards, add this payment method the PoS configurations that allow the payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow payments with this payment method, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration` and add this newly created payment method to the :guilabel:`Payment Methods` field of the corresponding point of sale.
```

> .. image:: indonesia/indonesia-qris-pos-config.png
>     :alt: PoS store configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: If a session is currently open for the selected point of sale, it will have to be closed
   to add a new payment method.
```
This screenshot does not add much value and we're no longer using any markups in our screenshots. I think this note offers more help.

> Issue QRIS on Point of sale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue QRIS on Point of Sale
```

---------------------------

> On the payment page of Point of Sale, choose the QRIS payment method as configured. Choose
> the amount you want to pay and click on the Send button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When paying for an order on the PoS front end, choose the QRIS payment method as configured. Enter
the amount to pay and click :guilabel:`Send`.
```

> Then, a popup containing a QR code should appear. Click on Confirm Payment to verify the status
> of the payment. When QRIS hasn't successfully received the payment it will issue an error. If
> payment is received, then Point of Sale will be directed to the receipt page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo will display a QR code. Click on :guilabel:`Confirm Payment` to verify the status of the
payment. If QRIS hasn't successfully received the payment it will issue an error. If payment is
received, then Point of Sale will be directed to the receipt page.
```

> .. image:: indonesia/indonesia-qr-qris-result.png
>     :alt: QRIS QR result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
